DOCS-2993: add templates for API operations (#28)
MultiSafepay/openapi: docs/get-template.md

> # This is a template for defining a GET API operation that is OpenAPI compliant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This is an OpenAPI template for a GET operation.
```

# To use this file:
#  1. Make a copy of it.
#  2. Delete these comments.
#  3. Fill in empty fields and choose between elements separated by a "/".
#  4. Rename the file extension to *.yaml.
get:
  description: "Add a description for the operation."
  operationId: Set a unique operationId in camel case.
  parameters:
    - description: | 
        Describe the parameter on multiple lines.
      in: path/query

>       name: Choose a name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      name: Specify the name.
```

      required: true/false
      schema:

>         type: Choose a type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        type: Specify the type.
```

  responses:
    '200':
      content:
        application/json:
          example:
            $ref: '../link-to-your-example-response-if-applicable.json'
          schema:
            properties:
              success:
                type: boolean
              data: 

>                 type: object
>                 description: "Add a description."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                description: "Add a description."
                type: object                
```

                properties:
                  example_property:
                    $ref: '../link-to-example_property-schema.yaml'
                  example_with_array:
                    type: array
                    items:
                      $ref: '../link-to-example_with_array-items-schema.yaml'
            type: object
      description: ""
    '404':
      content:
        application/json:
          schema:
            $ref: '../components/schemas/GenericErrorResponse.yaml'
      description: Error

>   summary: Add a summary - this is used as a title

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  summary: Add a summary (appears in the side menu).
```

  tags:

>     - Add relevant tags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Add relevant tags.
```
